update azure ad name (#5836)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/segment-app/iam/scim.md

## Configuration Instructions

> Segment officially supports [Okta](#okta-set-up-guide), [Microsoft Entra ID](#azure-ad-set-up-guide), and [OneLogin](#oneLogin-set-up-guide). Each link includes specific set up instructions for that IdP. You should read the [features](#features) section of this page to understand which features of SCIM Segment supports.

Reviewer: I'm wondering if "#azure-ad-set-up-guide" will update automatically to "#microsoft-entra-id-set-up-guide"?

Author: Hmm, I feel the slugs are probably not updated automatically

Author: Fixed

![Screenshot of the Segment Settings page, with the Access Management and User Groups tabs selected, and the user group created in the steps above present on the page.](images/scim_edit_groups.png)

> ## Microsoft Entra ID Set up Guide

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Microsoft Entra ID setup guide
```

Instructions for configuring Microsoft Entra ID can be found on the Microsoft Docs website.

> 1. [Complete the Microsoft Entra ID Set up Guide for SSO](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/entra/identity/saas-apps/segment-tutorial)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. [Complete the Microsoft Entra ID setup guide for SSO](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/entra/identity/saas-apps/segment-tutorial)
```

> 2. [Complete the Microsoft Entra ID Set up Guide for SCIM](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/entra/identity/saas-apps/segment-provisioning-tutorial)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. [Complete the Microsoft Entra ID setup guide for SCIM](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/entra/identity/saas-apps/segment-provisioning-tutorial)
```
